Why would I make a joke about your wife or your truck? I’ve enjoyed riding both of them while your gone
All that time in the desert and you couldn’t even get your parents a folded flag. I can just imagine their disappointment.
26 and 3 divorces. You could make a living on Ted talks about how to make bad decisions
You have to understand before you approach your fourth wife, that baaaaah means no
Man that shirt is holding together better then any of your relationships
It's not the three divorces that surprises me... Its the fact that you found three women with low enough self esteem in the first place
upper case body
lower case head
Don't feel bad. Gay porn sets a lot of young men back in life
My sister wants her shirt back. Thanks mate.
“Congrats! Your orders just came in, I hope you like sand”
“Yeah, about that...”
Do you know what day yet? Your wife said you weren’t sure last week
I would like thank thank you for your service.
I'd also like to thank your ex wife for her "services".
Gotta give credit to the OP for replying to almost every roast here.
Dishonorable discharge for self inflicted prolapsed anus?
I think you skipped head day at the gym.
You live a lifestyle like: HEY GUYS I DO THE DIVORCE CHALLENGE! For every divorce I spend one year in the desert!
If you think this bio helped you roast, upvote this comment. If you think it doesn’t, downvote it. If you’re not sure, leave it to others to decide.
At least you were able to confirm that it was you, not your appearance that he hated.
Where is the after picture?
Looks like he lost all the dead weight.
You were probably disappointed when you found out that a sub with the word "roast" had nothing to do with food.
Congrats on the weight loss! Now maybe you can gain a personality.
Wait! According to your post on r/breakups you dumped him. Problem is obvious, you are BSC
If you were in Mean Girls you probably wouldn’t make the burn book.
how did you lose 50 pounds in the time he sobered up from last night?
Dont worry, If you need a cuddle you can just wrap yourself on your loose skin. Thats forever
That’s cause you are a “practice girl” and nothing more
Maybe he missed lubing you with your body sweat
You're a fraction of the person you used to be, and apparently the part you lost was the tolerable one
You look like you would tell people "I might be fat but you're ugly and I can lose weight" but you don't realize you're also ugly.
Should have lost 60...
Unlike him the weight will come back to you.
John Malkovich in low budget drag.
First you should wipe the plaque off your teeth.
None of those pounds were teeth, though.
What was your wish?
How pissed were you when you found out they don't leave you alone with the cadavers?
Feels mean to pick on someone who has just been unplugged from the Matrix
Im sure austin powers is about to escape your evil lair so stop dicking around on redditt
You won't discover the cure in time.
Professor X....tra chromosome
When are you guys doing another episode of pinky and the brain?
Lex Loser.
There's not even a hint of anything superhuman in your vicinity and daddy never loved you.
Caillou, is that you?
The face of someone that watches their neighbors on hidden cameras.
I've heard of med students stealing drugs but never chemo
[deleted]
So you’re like Red Skull, helping others but you can’t help yourself.
Testicle cosplay on point.
You look like a young Professor X except your mutant power is not getting laid.
Hows voldermort on the back of ur head?
Still just Mr. Evil... Hasn't finished that degree yet.
Don’t worry if you fuck up at Med School. Your job as a Mannequin is guaranteed.
You look like a sentient penis
22M med subject. Fixed that for you.
31 years old and describing your behavior as teenage angst?
You roast yourself.
The only thing less believable than your Goth phase is your husband
That green in your hair really accentuates all those glaring red flags you're giving off.
Your eyeliner has more color than your personality
Marilyn NoMansen.
The whole “30 going on 13” thing totally does not work for you.
Panic! In the Divorce Court
31? You look like you groupied for Joy Division and Bauhaus.
Hey look it’s Average Lavigne.
You go girl. That divorce is the best thing ever happened to your ex.
He's right.
Avril Livealone
Plus you keep falling for his black-eye binoculars trick.
You look like Ozzy in drag. And somehow you will think that is a compliment.
This is so fucking cringey holy shit
Says she's goth but listens to Hawthorne heights
Congratulations on choosing /r/im14andthisisdeep over your marriage! To be fair, this is more congratulations for him than you.
Do you cut your hair with the same scissors you use to let the pain out?
I'm very surprised you're divorced.  Not because of you, everything there is terrible, I am more impressed you tricked someone into marrying you in the first place.
Your ex husband is currently swimming in sympathy pussy just from showing chicks pictures like this of what he just escaped from.
i think you just cured my yellow fever.
Well, the big tits and moon face make me think you are a standard Americanized Asian woman. Some weebs probably want to fuck you so that inflates your ego a little bit and you treat yourself to that pint of Ben and Jerry's. But you regret it now and that's why you won't show off your flabby ass upper arm bingo wings. You'll think you can do better for the next couple years then pop out some Mountain Dew swilling, fedora wearing, neckbeard child. You would be an embarrassment to an inbred methed-out Alabama trailer park family. I pity your parents.
If I were that mood ring around your finger my constant state would be anxious. An oral fixation on top of an oral-based addiction really tells the world that the only effort you put into yourself is presenting yourself online. Your degree was an outcome of expectation that you’ll never live up to, so you placate yourself to simpleton college kid jobs and even simpler addictions under the banner of ‘I could try if I wanted to’ but we all know you won’t. People will make comments rooted in surface details, others have mentioned socially distanced eyes and puffy cheeks, but realistically there isn’t much you can do about that... but your attitude is a different story, if someone were to get roasted and roasted deep they have to deserve it by their own doing. So there isn’t much to roast in you, because the only thing you’ve probably done today is woken up, partes your hair, took a puff of a USB stick and told yourself: I’m gonna ask the internet what they think of me, and use that as an excuse to do even less tomorrow.
No one can blame you that Hooters pays more than your Art History degree.
Follow my finger.... Now use both eyes.
I bet your parents really hate that one child policy.
Wrapping your lips around a unit that releases the substance you are addicted to, while similar, is not the same as working the job you had in college.
You’re the kind of girl that never looks forward to anything.
Bobby Lee with big tits.
Idk where your eyelids start
We get it; you have an oral fixation. You don’t have to shove it down our throat, just because you like things shoved down yours.
I didn’t know onlyfans gave out a degree
Nice try dude
After I busted a nut and saw you, my cum went back in my dick
Man she looks stoned, her eyes are barely open!
I bet Nobody asks you for a happy ending with hands like that
There’s always money and drugs in porn.
Go live your dreams.
I'm impressed, not too many people graduate with D's
OP's Bio:
If you think this bio helped you roast, upvote this comment. If you think it doesn’t, downvote it. If you’re not sure, leave it to others to decide.
Be there or be square. You weren’t there.
Your face is shaped like a piece of toast.
You look like a Minecraft character with RTX on.
Hair by Lego
Yoko OhHellNo
The room is a blank void to match your life.
If a librarian's shush was gifted life
Hideous kojima
When you have to make a decision do you mullet over first?
Aren’t you ashamed for what you did to the Beatles?
What a great waste of lower body!
It looks like this Ikea ad is trying to target their hottest new demographic: androgynous female incels that brag about their antidepressant prescriptions
Take a long look in the mirror and realize that your face is much weirder than these times are.
Kim Jong Ew
You look like a character in an anime that would be constantly rejected by otherwise very accepting people
It’s ok bro sometimes dudes are just born with titties.
I will only roast you if you agree to pan fry some noodles for me.
You look like an elf in one of unpopular mmorpg game
Congratulations, you have changed my prospective. I use to think all Asian women are sexy. But I guess only most Asian women are sexy.
OP's Bio:
If you think this bio helped you roast, upvote this comment. If you think it doesn’t, downvote it. If you’re not sure, leave it to others to decide.
With a mouth like that, I'm betting your dream job involves building dams or collecting nuts for the winter.
You look like a rabbit that a mad scientist turned into a woman
Now that you're 21 let's go out and drink until one of us thinks you're attractive.
Girl, I bet your life shines just like your skin and and these meanies gotta walk the distance between your eyes to make you sad, you go get it
You’re probably going to end up married to some guy 10+ years older who is in middle management and the highlight of his midlife crisis will be leaving you at home on the weekends with your 2-3 children while he drives his navy blue BMW Z4 to the country club for endless rounds of golf and Michelob Ultras while ~~hitting on~~ harassing the barely legal girls working the booze cart.
Wow, graduating college before puberty, kudos.
I bet you can twitch your nose.
Statistics Major I see. So you already know the bad news regarding your love life? Or should I say lack of one
You look like the grinch... stealing Christmas a little early this year?
With how greasy your skin is we'll fry you, not roast.
Five weeks from now gentlemen you'll have a framed piece of certification hanging on the wall to stare at while she administrators a sub par hand job.
Your fingers look like an albino spider.
How did Hooters hire you with those A cups?
Hi, sorry this isn't a roast, but I really wanted to mention this.
I don't know why or how to describe this feeling, but I suddenly felt a wave of motivation and emotion when I read your title, that you have nearly completed a very long journey and entire a wonderful life, and everything is all set, and it just makes me feel so happy that someone else could be so happy. Like, it's finally all over.
I am way younger than you(14M), I'm probably too young to even understand stuff and I don't even know why I'm here, but I'm kind of going through a rough patch in high school currently and seeing someone like you being successful and seeing how real it is just really gave me hope.
I'm not expecting you to reply or anything because it seems your life is pretty set and this isn't the kind of comment you were looking for, but I genuinely wish you the best of luck, and I wanted to say that this post made my day.
A statistics major, but didn’t realize there was going to be a 100% chance of encountering racist comments in a roast. Don’t even have a degree yet and already failing at your profession.
When was the last time you fed those fingers a sandwich?
You look easy to draw.
I'd ask you out with confidence
Unlike Monopoly, $50 won't cover the rent, but your Community Chest might.
This is the classiest thing you have ever done for $50.
Do the tits get in the way when you’re hunting truffles?
Your tits are so bad I actually have to look you in the eyes
You’re built like a bag of milk.
Your tits are doing their own social distancing.
She just showed up because she thought we were giving away a roast.
White trash Natalie Dormer
Your tits are so saggy you should be in a national geographic.
Your tits look like your nipples point straight at your toes
You look like you’d steal your roommates pain meds, and then help them look for them.
Obviously not a weight loss clinic
You’re the type to only show your face in your Tinder pics.
$50 ?.....I think your friend isn't done with your services...
Scrolled down this far and I still haven't found the bottom of your tits
That sign is covering more chins than a car insurance company in Beijing.
Wears low cut grey shirts to entice men to look at your tits...people look...people are disappointed ☹️
You could make another $50 at the weekend by renting your tits out as a bouncy castle for kids.
Moses did it again.  Jewish escapees can cross your tits.
I'm 26 and I work at a chiropractic and massage clinic. I drink vodka and white wine to blur out my bad decisions. Sometimes I take office supplies home with me...
22 my ma faqin ass.  You look like a 36 year old divorcee with erectile dysfunction.
Talentless Tarantino
You look like you tell your mom every time you masturbate.
It looks like you're standing in front of your haircut
Glad your forehead caught the memo to social distance itself
Remember growing beansprouts in an eggshell in kindergarten? This is what the eggshell looks like when it grows up.
22 going on 50...
Never seen someone who looks more bland than a bowl of rice, you look like if potato salad was a person.
22nd year of college, you mean?
How do you look like a child and a child molester at the same time
When you enter a room, your hairline comes five minutes later
I could tattoo a 3200 word essay on your forehead.
Double spaced.
You look like they tried to make the old saying “two heads are better than one” into a reality
Your hair is like the sunset, fading behind the peak of  your ever more prominent forehead.
When you buy Quentin Tarantino off the Wish app
Honorable Mention in the Josh Hutcherson look alike contest
Oh cute! Dwight from the office had a son with Angela!
OP's Bio:
If you think this bio helped you roast, upvote this comment. If you think it doesn’t, downvote it. If you’re not sure, leave it to others to decide.
I know this is /r/RoastMe but panic disorders can be serious so I think it’s important for you  to know that there are other women in the world whose pussy is so dry the crabs have to carry canteens. Nothing to panic about!
Did you panic during the last sentence?
Every one of these I feel is a self promo for their only fans.
Wendy has stopped flipping burgers and started doing anal
Got a freckle for every persons that has rejected you
You might be a proud Chilean citizen now but the people of Chile have not forgotten the 2010 Copiapó mining accident in that cavern you call a vagina.
By “almost 30”, I’m assuming you’re referring to the number of dudes you’ve fucked this year that haven’t called you back because you spent the entire night talking about de-stigmatizing depression?
I would roast you but it seems that the sun has beat me to it
#When the nudes are trash and the OnlyFans isn't drawing fucking dime, you do a r/RoastMe
Just wait until your daughter gets into high school and gets grilled about your onlyfans having weak ass content by her fellow students demanding refunds.
You look like teen runaway Strawberry Shortcake.
Freckles weren’t the only thing to come on your face after not using protection.
You plan on dying at 60? You can't have a panic disorder AND an onlyfans at the same time. You be baring titties and ass for everyone to see, your life is just fine hoe.
I could tell before even clicking on your profile that you had an only fans.
Porn version of Lindsay Lohan
Having sex with strangers won't solve your panic disorders
The “what-if Strawberry Shortcake got knocked up and did drugs at 15” story
The sheer size of your nipples makes me want to call Papa John's and ream them out for giving me such pathetically small pepperoni tonight.
You’re not a “witch” you just do cocaine and listen to Fleetwood Mac.
You look like Elsa if she became a lesbian snowboarder.
You look like Kirby inhaled Belle Delphine.
Your jaw definition says Disney Prince. But your eyes say Xanax dependence.
So being asthmatic is the most interesting thing about you then?
Stoner is not a personality trait
You look like you give exhausting blowjobs.
I hope you’re studying something like art, because it looks like there’s nothing going on upstairs.
Ugg boots and latte sold separately
You look like you steal sex toys.
Can’t tell if you look like Michael Jackson or a Keebler elf?!?
I've seen people in hospice with more life in their eyes.
Just trust me that the phrase "Hit me with it" is really not going to age well for you.
Discount Billie Eilish
You look like Micheal Jackson right before his last nap
You look like you just got another dickpic from your step-dad
You look like you suck dick while scrolling through your phone
Be there or be OP's face
Asthama is the only pumping you'll ever get with that mug.
You look like you've grinded your pussy on a snowboard at least once in your life
I would pay you to not start an OnlyFans account.
I bet you can tell us more about astrology than what your dad looks like
You look like a younger, uglier version of Howard Stern dressing up as John Lennon.
you look like your personal pronouns are what/the/fuck
If you want to feel something, reach down and twist your scrotum
Ok you finished the hand job now get out of my car
You wearing a seat belt is probably the only healthy thing you're doing with your body.
you look like a bowl of potpourri in a candle shop run by a feminist.
Your thigh is hairier than Ron Swanson’s upper lip.
Most distinguishing feature: Smell.
It’s Trans Lesbian Harry Potter who dyed their hair, started a keto diet, is addicted to Ketamine going to community college as a single mom with 2 jobs
I honestly pity you. You are the type of girl who will pose naked online and then send your dad the link anonymously. Please don't do this.
Yeah, you look like you have tried making sourdough bread out of your vagina yeast
If heroin was a person.
You look like a street walker that looks for work on dirt roads.
This won’t be the last time someone takes pics of you in a car while you’re wearing a choker. Enjoy the front seat this time.
The Rocky Horror Picture Show reboot looks lame.
u/potassiumslut you have a very accurate username, the only thing wanting to be inserted into you even remotely close to a penis would be an banana and that's because they can't say no.
This is what 2 seconds before a $10 handjob looks like from the "John's" point of view.
I know we can't see your armpits, but please shave them.
Your fingers have a better hairline than your head.
You look like you’re trying to sell me overpriced phone cases in a mall kiosk
You look like my balls after 3 days of shaving them
Of all the angles, you chose the one that makes you look like Britney Spears trapped inside an Iraqi felon’s body.
Mcdonalds logo hairline.
[deleted]
You look like you play RuneScape for a living.
You look like you sell fake Nikes on Facebook.
If Gandhi and Golem had a child together it would look like you.
i can get 99 farming on your head
If ejaculating with a soft penis was a person, it would look like you.
My nutsack has more hair than your head
My man glued 1000 grit sandpaper to his head
You're the male version of "at least I have a great personality".
Your head looks like a piece of bubble gum that fell onto a carpet floor.
You look like a failed terrorist
Your head looks like it can be twins with your scrotum.
This is what happens when Borat and his sister don't use protection.
You look like Mr. Bean... if he were a sex offender who plays soccer
Hey oda I think your hairline is calling Batman
André 3000 calories
[Here's a drawing, caricature roast](https://i.imgur.com/g3TLM6o.jpg)
.
[process](https://gfycat.com/jollylazyeland)
Fry some chicken for a man, feed him for a day. Teach a man to fry chicken, see photo.
I’ve never actually seen a trans-fat before.
Oh so Precious has begun hormone therapy.
Yes, that’s what your ankles experience everyday
Black lives fatter
At least we know you won’t get shot jogging.
When your blood type is s'mores
You wear a lanyard because you can’t reach your pockets. Also your second chin hasn’t quite hit puberty yet.
"Jabba won neechee kochba mu shanee wy tonny wya uska."
Loved your performance in the star wars movies mate.
Welcome to Good Burger, home of the Good Burger, sorry I ate your order.
The pain of a thousand toilets shrieking in terror
I'll have two number 9s
a number 9 large
a number 6 with extra dip
a number 7
two number 45s, one with cheese
and a large soda.
lil uzi gut
A peeping Tom is not a “window cleaner”
This guy eats Hardee's and spits out hard r's
bengals fan
Bill Burrger
You're a 30 year old window cleaner.
Did your body forgot to tell your face that it was growing?
More like window licker. lol
Caillou 26 years later.
Look like Andy Daltons balder brother Randy Dalton.
How awful that the first thing people see after getting clean windows is your face.
Don't worry, soon you'll be a 50 year old window cleaner.
Your face reminds me of a rodent
Andy Baldton
It doesn’t take a clean window to see your wife is as disappointed as your parents.
You should try cleaning your mirror more often.
You are a Bengals fan, that is enough of a roast in itself.
Mate if you were outside cleaning my window in the morning i'd probably mistake your albino pale round head for the sun when I wake up.
You have less potential then the Bengals.....
You look like Bill Burr having an allergic reaction.
OP's Bio:
If you think this bio helped you roast, upvote this comment. If you think it doesn’t, downvote it. If you’re not sure, leave it to others to decide.
Donovan McSadd
Those are the most adorably tiny weights I've ever seen... You'd have more of a workout picking up all of the pieces of your shattered dreams.
Roatht me
You cry after masturbating. I can tell.
Did your parents get divorced before or after your teeth did?
Do you seriously have to remind yourself to shower? And then check off the box to make sure you did it.  Or is it on your whiteboard for you to check later to make sure you showered?
Eddie Methy
Jesus christ being an eagles fan is already bad enough
I hear there’s employment building dams downriver.
National Suicide Prevention Lifeline
800-273-8255
You look worse than Wentz’ play this season
Lookin like Norbit and Steve Urkle's gay love child.
You are that lisping 14 yr old annoying teacher's pet arent you
[deleted]
You look like the plantation slave good with numbers so you got to be the accountant.
What do you floss with? A pillow?
OP's Bio:
If you think this bio helped you roast, upvote this comment. If you think it doesn’t, downvote it. If you’re not sure, leave it to others to decide.
I can smell a full cat litter tray just by looking at you
Are you hula hooping with pizza dough?
I recognize you from before. I see you’ve applied some makeup, egg-beatered your hair, and slipped into your grandma’s drapes, this time.
I bet she makes the Pillsbury squeak if you poke that croissant roll. This can seems to have popped open already
Nice of your grandmother to knit you a shirt from her couch.
Is this one of those ‘psychology pictures’ where you can see a red velvet cake or a muffin top, depending on your mood?
I liked you as the mom the requiem for a dream
All dolled up and no one to blow
You look like any day you’ll start an onlyfans and then get rid of it cuz no one signed up for it
Damn! Your belly-roll almost looks like a second set of tits and gave me nsfw vibes.
Unless you're about to take to the ice for a doubles skate with Scott Hamilton, you're wearing entirely the wrong outfit.
That wallpaper is hideous, but I would still have it in my house instead of you.
Soo....hmmm. You are a 30 year old, trapped in a mindset of a 90 year old/Golden Girls era. The material of your shirt really makes the fat roll pop for that extra “I’m trailer trash grandma” look. Nothing else left to do, but grab yourself some plastic couch covers and indulge on your 15 medications to remedy the old soul.
Sweetheart applying makeup with a trowel doesn't help those pores, it just makes them shinier
I see Halloween is almost upon us. Going as an Old West saloon courtesan after having entertained a few clients?
I was going to say something about the picture on the wall being at a 45 degree angle, but then I noticed the walls are at a weird angle.  Did Tim Burton design your house?
Also, everyone is talking about the belly roll.  Why has nobody noticed the underlying cause if it?  If you look closely there's a McDonalds bag in the lower right corner.
Feminist is code for permanently single.
Nice flesh belt.
Hentaisocial Social Club
I hope you guys get to at least see one pussy before you die...
Instead of your arms, it’s going to be your man tits flopping in the wind behind you when you Naruto run....
What kind of disability do you both have
I assume you're both doing this for fun and not actually going to any parties?
You realize that if your hentai crushes came to life, they'd still ignore you, right?
This is the gayest, weebiest thing I've ever seen. The only pussy either of you will ever get is the fleshlight you both share.
r/crappyoffbrands
Naruto looking like he got a camel toe and a wedge at the same time while trying to hold in a fart, while K-State dude ... actually, you look plain and boring so I pass judgement for someone else.
You sweat when you talk
How many virgins does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Trick question!  Virgins don't screw.
Fattebayo!
Naruto has eaten WAY too much ramen, and Beerus looks like he touches children.
Off of the way you look it seems to be only sweat you’ve broken in years
Are you able to Naruto Run? Or just run in general?
This image should be a PSA before every episode of Naruto to protect the young
Op: you got a lot of confidence, kid. I like that. You look like hot dogshit, but you could fix that.
Op's friend:
Everything about you creeps me out.
You look like you're trying to back that ass up on someone.
Your expression says you know your eyebrows are better mustaches than your mustache.
And what the fuck is a beerus?
These guys have every Smash Mouth CD.
Sorry if this is off topic, but is your mom single and ready to abandon another child?
Don't worry you will be pregnant soon that'll solve most if not all of your loneliness issues.
You look like a failed twitch streamer
Writing post titles in your Onlyfans does not count as literature.
# Finally!
Scientists discovered a face even a mother couldn't love!
Your mom is a smart woman
Hillbilly Eilish
I don’t like pork meat so roasting you would make zero sense.
Loved your work in "barely legal takes birthday bbc" tremendous performance
Your bargain bin hair really brings out the dead in your eyes.
I wouldn't raise Grimace's kid either.
If I looked like you the only thing I'd write would be a suicide note.
You mean your grandma is stuck with you. Appreciate it ungrateful entitled privileged little girl. Had to color your hair to try and be different ? Ha.
Putting holes in your face and dying your hair crazy colors isnt gonna bring her back...
Wtf...you are so angry that you sent a pic of your grandma to roast her?...this generation.
You're not stuck at home with your grandma at 18 because you're mom left you, you're there because you're too lazy to be something in life.
Your mom knew what you would amount to and cut her losses.
[deleted]
I give it a week before that profile’s marked NSFW...
OP's Bio:
If you think this bio helped you roast, upvote this comment. If you think it doesn’t, downvote it. If you’re not sure, leave it to others to decide.
Karl Alone
Forgot to move the slider on ' head size'
You look like if Kevin Love succumbed to his depression.
The Clippers?
No seriously, where are the clippers to shave off that ginger Teen Wolf beard?
I didn't know The Mountain has a special needs brother.
You’ve been a rebound more times than you have gotten one.
Jesus. Times are tough when a professional athlete can't even afford a t-shirt
Looks like Diddy Kong joined the Proud Boys.
Fake Griffin
Maybe you should have washed up in a literal sense before this roast. you look like you’re about to participate in a bum fight which I’m sure you had plenty of experience of in a different sense in the showers post game.
Um I’m not buying it, for one he isn’t black , we can name white NBA players on one hand, and looking into those sad and pathetic eyes you had more brown sacks in your face than a Korean bag boy...
No wonder we can't find the sasquatch! The air force recruited him and groomed him
Playing in Portugal, Greece, Italy or Turkey while technically professional is bullshit.
I don't think playing the part of a basketball player in a low-budget porn makes you a professional.
$20 says your hairline under that sweaty ass cap looks like a capital M
Did you keep missing the hoop with your crossed eyes, please dont join the air force, fighter jets cost too much for you to fly into thd ground roast you too
If your dick is as big as the rest of you your sister is a lucky girl.
Congrats on r/RoastMe being the height of your fame.
OP's Bio:
If you think this bio helped you roast, upvote this comment. If you think it doesn’t, downvote it. If you’re not sure, leave it to others to decide.
You look like Ellen Degeneres is both you mom and your dad.
Homo Alone
The Draco malfoy from hufflepuff
Gordon Ramsays' lesbian daughter that he hid from public,- for obvious reasons.
You can't get laid, either.
I didn't think Ellen could have a worse haircut.
You look like you pour milk in the bowl before cereal.
My man over here looking like an anorexic Dolph Lundgren
I only wanna say nice things cos honestly it looks like God did enough to you fam
Flash Gordon with special needs
If my haircut made me resemble a penis, I'd be immune too.
you being alive is both proof that darwinism is wrong and that god doesn't exist.
You look like the offspring of Ellen Degeneres and Gollum
Macauley CockRing
You're trying to look like a member of N'SYNC, but instead you look like you were born in a sink.
If Steve Buscemi fucked a jar of Mayonnaise
#i bet you shower naked
You look like the son who gets negatively compared a lot to his more successful cousins.
Surgery went great the computer is working fine now
You could have just said indian
This dude shaved 15 minutes before this pic was taken.
I can’t tell which eye is lazier
Your eyes look like the introvert at a party trying to slowly slip out of the room without anyone noticing. Everyone notices but just won't say anything because they'd look like an ass.
I bet you were born with full body hairs
Looks like 44 years old Indian medical patient
I can easily tell from his eyes that he is one depressed mf...
Spends 15 years in med school
Still ends up joining tech support
your eyes are / \ instead of — —
Born to own a Dairy Queen
I'm kinda tired right now, so can I just roast you the next time you ring me up at the convenience store?
I've bet you jacked off several times to the chapter about the female reproductive system.
Fuck now they are going to call me about my surgery warranties
Pro tip : You don't need to take photos everytime you clean the hostel corridors!
Could you be more of a stereotype?
I hope when you go to purchase scrubs, you buy a bra as well.
Since when did DeVry have a medical program?
Draco Malformed
LEAVE BRITNEY ALONE!
Im more confused about your gender than you are.
You look like the daughter your mom always wanted and the son your dad always hated.
Dollar store Rhaegar Targaryen
McCauley Sulkin’
I'm ready. Lay it on me.
What are lines from gay porn, Alex? For $1500
Didn't you die in GOT getting gold poured on your head?
The worst of the Malfoys
You look like Draco Malfoy after finding out he is a half blood
Middle of the transition.  I just can't tell which way you are going.
Gentleman Gaga
Maybe you should Lay a little more bleach on that hair and finish the job
Damn, bummer to see Macaulay Culkin relapse again. I had such high hopes you’d rebound from the Michael Jackson thing
You look like one of those pictures of a female porn star without makeup
XQC's sister?
You have prettier hair than my last girlfriend. And the guys at the bar treat you as such.
Hey look, it’s Ellen DeGeneres’ hermaphrodite twin!
Even though he’s coping with alcoholism, it’s nice to see all of his family and friends standing behind him.
Passing out after your second coors light isn’t teetering towards alcoholism
And the women at that establishment are teetering towards lesbianism.
budget Sam Smith
Works at an all you can eat sperm bank
I’ve always heard people say “bankers are wankers” but I had no idea...
You can tell by your pal's forced smile that he thought you two were on a date until two minutes ago when he read the title of your post.
24 ? This motherfucker doesn’t look a day over 48.
Twinkering toward alcoholism maybe.....
You look like an IRS agent who has a poster of Caitlyn Jenner mounted on the ceiling above his bed.
24 going on 44.
Your head looks like a rejected geometric shape
This man wasn’t born in 1996, 1969 maybe closer to the mark
You look like a fingernail
Michael Scotch
I’m guessing it’s a sperm bank because there’s no way you have the brains to work in finance when you look like this much of a fucking mong
Teetering my ass, that jacket shows full capitulation.
A very punchable face I must admit!
This is how alcoholic  tin tin  looks like
The face you make when you walk out of a public bathroom, after blowing it up, and you see someone was waiting for you to get out.
I would turn to alcohol too if I looked like that
Howdie doodie lookin motherfucker
OP's Bio:
If you think this bio helped you roast, upvote this comment. If you think it doesn’t, downvote it. If you’re not sure, leave it to others to decide.
I'm still trying to figure out what you identify as... you have the face of a 15 year old girl, the body of a 10 year old boy, and the eyebrows of a Silverback gorilla
Going bald is going to be a blessing for you.
Your eyebrows should be put on the national parks list, cause shit bro you could hide several endangered species in those forrests.
Title says just turned 18 but that face and shirt say just got molested at the zoo by a close family memeber. #zoobooks
Is this your gender reveal?
I can't tell if you're transitioning from male to female or female to male
Those eyebrows are thicker than my dick
How the fuck do u look aneraxic and fat at the same time
Make you regret turning 18? Your mother already regrets banging Eugene Levy while he was on vacation down at the all inclusive she worked at in early 2002, enough for the both of you. Eyebrows like that don't just come out of nowhere buddy.
I don't use reddit often but when I do eyebrowse
They really need to start requiring gender tags in r/roastme so we can do this properly.
You look like Borat's transgender son.
You look like a muppet they use to terrify naughty children
At least now you will become unattractive for your uncle!
I ain't gotta make you regret what looking in the mirror already does my dude.
It's rare to see teeth that are the exact same colour as their owners skin.
if Shrek and Donkey had a kid
I bet you could eat a corn cob through a chain link fence.
She got a full mouth of front teeth
You look like Hagrid on a date.
Those are absolutely the biggest tits I've EVER  seen on a dude.
Here's a drawing: [https://i.imgur.com/hjKlXDQ.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/hjKlXDQ.jpg)
the only horror you watch is your reflection
Do you operate machines with those teeth?
We got the mouth of Sauron here
Her favorite horror movie is called "The Bathroom Mirror."
I've never seen a caveman grow tits ever in my entire life up until now
Guess you have to be a fan of horror when everyone tells you you're a monster
Andrea the Giant
Kathy Bates after a week-long crack and meth truck-stop bender.
You look like  homeless man and a mediocre rock star at the same time
Shoving a gas powered dildo up your asshole in front of a camera, doesn’t make you a machine operator.
Your chest looks like someone used the drag down tool in photoshop on your breasts
MILTPO - moms I'd like to pass on
What have you done for work since Geico switched to the Gekko...?
Looking at that face, autism is the least of your problems.
Looks like Seth McFarlane transitioned.
You’re grown, but your eyes are still in middle school.
Any Shumer sure has hit rock bottom.
The girl that keeps offering to sleep in your bed and you’re like “nope, the couch is a better idea”
It takes a serious amount to damage to write as poorly forward as in reverse.
Are you actively having a stroke?
You look like a cartoon dog.
Here comes honey boo duuuh.
You’re so white you look like the TV would give you a sunburn
She looks like a real life version of Isabelle from Animal crossing.
and is autism an alibi for living on another person's shoulders? You missed a word in the bio, sociopath
Chloe Grace Moretz’s hillbilly cousin
If Trump and Seth McFarlane had a kid
You look like a dried albino prune in a $1.50 wig
I bet your parents are related
It’s like the human version of the last drop of milk nobody wants to drink
OP's Bio:
If you think this bio helped you roast, upvote this comment. If you think it doesn’t, downvote it. If you’re not sure, leave it to others to decide.
Wake up on the wrong side of the dumpster this morning?
Just because someone paid you $20 to have sex while they filmed it with a cellphone doesnt make you a porn star
When the narcan wears off
Junkie with questionable personal hygiene is a look now?
When they say you can't smell a picture....
My cat hacked up a prettier version of you this morning
[deleted]
Maybe you should get some clean needles for your birthday this year...
Hopefully you get a tongue scraper for your birthday
Gwinmeth palhoe
You’re a porn star? Must be shit eating. Work is work!
You look like that sleepy chihuahua in the car.
This is why you don't jerk off into socks, they grow into this.
This is what I imagine a real life used condom would look like.
A picture says a thousand words. Those words are all hepatitis.
Awww, hope you have a happy 60th!
Pornstar? You look more like a poster child for abortion.
Yet another onlyfans 'girl'. Can we not get a rule to ban these types of fake posts to lure people into their nudes and only fans accounts..
When you give head it counts as anal
Looks like u skinned Oscar the grouch to make that robe. At least u kept his trash can the way he had it
Are Hansel and Gretel okay?
Halloween was yesterday
Thanks for doing your part for NNN with your NSFW pics. Can't nut if you're not hard anymore.
your makeup works out harder than you
I bet your vagina looks like a snail that had salt dumped on it.
"Please say I still look young, please?"
day shift stripper
How do you hide the outline of your cock in those Yoga Pants?
Your roast already has 10 comments, more interaction than any of your NSFW posts so far. People would prefer to roast you than their own retinas
I think you meant to say “relevant” rather than “fit”
By 40+ I assume that’s your secret code for almost 60?
Just a heads up, no amount of exercise and Lycra is going to fix that face of yours.
At least you are wearing some clothes in this picture, so I can keep my lunch down. Your NSFW pics look like you are shrink-wrapped in old leather.
Why are your eyebrows so thick in the middle and so nonexistent by the ends?
I see you have an only fans, and NSFW pics on your profile. No thanks. I'd rather just jerk off with a fist full of broken glass, while thinking about Betty Whites dusty gooch.
Oldie fans
You look like the kind of mother that purposely  harasses her teenage daughter in to an eating disorder so you can post about "my daughters struggle" on face book
You look like the Dollar Store Nikki Bella...
Nice Halloween makeup. Scared the living hell out of me
50’s trying to pull off 30’s. Stop pandering for attention. You’re not young anymore...embrace it.
You look like you get “stuck”in the washing machine, at least twice a week.
You look like a current instagram influencer fast forwarded 25 years to the year 2045.
“Woman”
She looks like a village prostitute in the world of Frozen.
If you Padlock her Lip and Nose Rings, she’ll never be able to tell people she’s a Vegan again
She looks like the fairy godmother of UTIs.
You look like the kinda girl who ends up banging her older brother's fraternity brother after Thanksgiving dinner.  Ten years from now you're gonna have a coverup tat over his name cause he stopped sending child support.
She looks like she does porn for free
Trick or treating in the trailer park, she going as a crack whore.
Screams “My vagina smells like bong water, patchouli oil and regret”....
Even Trump won't grab you at your pussy
Cold, white and empty were Superman's prerequisites for a place to build the Fortress of Solitude
Destroying her? Seems pointless when she's already had more raw dick than a public urinal.
Excuse me, but why does she have condoms in her hair?
She already looks destroyed. Tell her to give me back my bed sheets
She’ll get destroyed alright, at the end of the night as some fat losers only choice.
Your teeth look like they’re throwing gang signs.
West Virginia version of “What are you doing actual Brother?”.
if you want to destroy her put her in an MRI machine.
A crystal on your hairband for every guy who’s ghosted you the day after sex.
